Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(ticking)
(eerie music)
- [Man] Listen.
(clock ticking)
Do you hear it?
It's the clock.
It mocks me.
(thunder rumbling)
Because it knows my secret.
(thunder booming)
(dreadful music)
(rain pattering)
(electric buzzing)
(clanking)
Shh. he's here.
- [Man] Maybe you
should just stop.
Just don't do it.
- [Man] I can't.
- [Man] Why?
- [Man] Because
I've gone too far.
(thunder booming)
(stormy music)
(bells jingling)
(door creaking)
- [Man] Show in 30.
(banging)
(suspenseful music)
(metallic clanking)
(door banging)
(train clacking)
(powerful rock music)
(Alex grunts)
- Jessica!
Jess!
(persevering music)
(moves into princess-like music)
- [Jessica] And the little
fairy returned home.
never to fear again.
(Alex grunts)
(bemused music)
- Jess!
Jessica!
(Alex grunts)
Jess!
Jess. get this blasted
thing off me. would ya?
- Hold on a sec!
I got an idea!
- Jessica. where are you going?
I. I can't breathe!
(Alex grunts)
(mischievous music)
Jessica. what are you doing?
(suspicious music)
(clicking)
(electronic beeping)
(Alex grunts)
(metal clanking)
- See. it worked.
- What worked?
- My idea.
- Your idea of what.
pain and suffering?
- No. of getting you free.
See. you're free.
- You know. I don't
think I like your ideas.
(glass shattering)
(heavy thudding)
- Nice knowing you.
(crashing)
(scary music)
(train whistle wailing)
(Jessica screams)
(thunder rumbling)
Where are you going?!
(shadowy music)
- Who do you think they were?
- Bad guys.
(cellphone ringing)
(dog barking)
(misty music)
- [Mom] Hey guys. it's--
(static buzzing)
I think I have a bad connection.
I'm running a little late.
Alex. heat up the
leftovers from last night
and don't forget
to feed the dog.
Oh. and tell your sister
not to overfill the bathtub!
(banging on the wall)
- Jessica!
Don't overfill the bathtub!
- [Jessica] Please don't eat me!
(water splashing)
(water sucking)
(shaded music)
(electronic beeping)
- Thanks. mom.
This'll sorta make up
for the lame birthday.
(phone beeping)
(water dripping)
(door creaking)
(pleasant music)
(bell dings)
(phone ringing)
(dog barking)
Hey. yeah. um. I'd
like to order a pizza.
(bemused music)
(bell dings)
(knocking on the door)
Hey little ewok.
dinner's ready.
(squishing)
(Alex sighs)
(banging on the door)
Let me in!
- [Jessica] Excuse me?
- The carpet. Jessica. it's
like a swamp down there!
- [Jessica] I'm
sorry. but I'm a lady.
and I'm inappropriately
dressed at the moment.
You'll have to come back later.
- Ugh!
(cellphone ringing)
(beeps)
- [John] Alex. uh.
it's. it's dad again.
Did you know that conviction
is an uncommon thing?
Only when you lay your
head down at night
do you feel its gnawing teeth.
Maybe that's why I
can't sleep at night.
And my writings only
bring conviction.
(creepy music)
(gate creaking)
(knocking on the door)
- [Jessica] Who is it?
Who is it?
- [Mom] The pizza guy.
- The pizza guy?
You don't sound
like the pizza guy.
- [Mom] Open the door.
- Cool!
Pizza!
(suspicious music)
- [Man] Delivered.
(mysterious music)
(knocking on the door)
- Some nice man
left this for you.
- Um. thanks.
(puzzled music)
(moves into serious music)
- [Mom] Why don't you
try knocking next time?
- Total extraction.
- Alex. English.
I am tired.
- I was totally ripped
out of a place I knew.
- You know why. come on.
- What. dad?
- Your father left us.
I was running out of options.
- He left us?
Then why is he still
there and we're here?
- What?
- He didn't have to pack.
He didn't have to move.
We moved.
So how did he leave us?
- He completely abandoned his
role as husband and father.
I consider that leaving.
- Over something he loves?
- No. over something he hated.
like being a responsible father!
- There's nothing really
wrong with what he did.
- Do you wanna go
to college one day?
It requires money.
- He said he's gonna
pay it all back.
- Oh. really?
Well I'm extremely impressed
with your vast knowledge
of personal financing.
Alex. you're 17.
- I know what
comes after 17 too.
- Oh good. I'm
glad you can count.
- And when I'm 18...
- I'm sure the Army
would love to have you.
- I'm thinking there's
a better option.
and he lives across town.
- Why can't you be more like
me and less like your father?
- Oh. (laughs) I'm
sorry. I forgot.
You're perfect. aren't you?
- Alex. that's not what I mean.
- Almost perfect then.
- No!
- You know what?
God's holy couldn't live up
to your self-righteous
standards!
- How dare you!
- Let me share a
little story with you.
Dad still loves you.
He didn't want us to leave
and he's sorry for what he did.
- Alex. stop.
- This Sunday you'll be
wanting to go to church.
You'll be hounding
me to come along.
Well you can tell the
congregation he's gone fishing!
(door slams)
(dramatic music)
(mom crying)
(door creaking)
(water splashing)
(drain sucking)
(door creaking)
(questing music)
(Jessica clears her throat)
- No!
- Okay. that's for making
mom cry last night.
- I'm gonna make you
cry in two seconds!
Stop it!
- Mommy's at work.
but she left this.
"Jessica. clean that den of
squalor you call a room."
I'm not sure what squalor means.
Do you know what that means?
- Just go on.
- "Alex. the last time I checked
"you still are
unemployed and need gas
"to operate your
motorized vehicle.
"Therefore. I strongly
suggest you mow the lawn."
Wow. mom sure has a way
with words. don't she?
- Just stop it!
(uninterested music)
(door creaking)
(clattering)
(motor rumbling)
(eerie music)
(banging)
- [Man] Hey kid. hold
that fence plank still!
(banging)
That should do!
Let go!
(banging)
(keys jingling)
(creepy music)
- Are you okay?
I saw what.
accidentally saw what
happened yesterday.
(mysterious music)
(keys clattering)
- Huh. guess I need
to work on that.
Tell your sister to wash up.
The yard looks pretty good.
- Wish I could say
the same about dinner.
- Okay. I'll tell her.
- Tell me what. sweetie?
- Something's
going on next door.
See. I said it.
- What kind of stuff?
- Scary stuff!
- What she's trying to say
is I spoke with dad yesterday
and he doesn't like
the neighborhood.
I'm gonna have to agree
with him on that one.
- Okay. so now you have
your father involved?
- He's just concerned.
He really misses us
and he's been voice
messaging me lately
and some of the messages
have been kind of. you know.
- What?
- Odd. bizarre.
strange. you pick.
- Well it is your father
you're talking about.
That doesn't surprise me.
- He did a safety check
on the neighborhood.
- What did that show?
- A lot of red dots.
- Yeah. mommy.
and I think the guy next door
is involved with criminal stuff.
Right. Alex?
- Uh. maybe.
Dad said one of those red
dots showed up next door
and he wants us out
of here and back home.
- All right. that's it.
You stay out of his yard
and out of his sight.
You got it?
I was talking to
a friend at work
and she invited us to church.
- Oh joy.
- Oh no. it gets better.
She needs someone to help
out with her yard work.
- Isn't Jessica a
little young for that?
- She is. but you're not.
(Jessica laughs)
- Oh come on!
- You need the money.
- Can't I just work at
the mall or something?
People who go to church
make me feel uncomfortable.
They're always so
self-righteous.
- You think they're gonna
judge you on how you cut grass?
- No. there's other stuff.
- Oh really?
Are you confessing?
- No. I'm leaving.
- But you can't!
- And why can't I?
- Because it's your night.
- My night for what?
- To do the dishes.
- Well tell the boss
I'm taking a sick day.
(dramatic music)
(typing)
(questioning music)
- I have potato soup
inside if you're hungry!
- No. I. I was looking
for something I lost.
I live right here.
- It must be pretty important
that you'd dumpster dive for it.
- Just something I accidentally
threw away. no big deal.
- Well I'm glad you found it.
My name is Willy Harper.
I'm your nextdoor neighbor.
- I'm Alex.
- Well Alex. I guess
we're neighbors.
- I best be getting inside.
The warden doesn't like
inmates out after dark.
- So your parents keep
you on a short leash?
- Just my mom.
My parents are
separated at the moment.
My dad has all the money and
my mom has all the rules.
- I'm sorry to hear that.
but you still only
have one family.
- Do parents living in separate
houses count as one or two?
- It still counts as one.
- I best be getting inside.
- Well good night. neighbor.
- Yeah. seeya.
- [Jessica] Look. mommy.
- [Mom] Wow. you're good!
What's up. Doc?
- [Jessica] What?
- [Mom] Oh. never mind.
- [Jessica] Roar!
- [Mom] Ah. you got me!
(Jessica laughs)
- Mommy. do you
still love daddy?
- What makes you say that?
- Just because.
- Well. between me and you
and Mister Bear here.
I do.
I can honestly say I do.
We just have things to
work out. that's all.
Now you need to get some sleep.
(kissing)
- I just wondered something.
- What's that?
- Do you think daddy misses us?
- Oh I know he misses you.
- What about you and Alex?
- I'm sure he misses
Alex very much.
- But not you?
Is that why you live
in different houses?
- Well when you get big--
- Like five feet tall?
- Like five feet tall.
things get really complicated.
- Kind of like trying to
explain things about God.
stuff like that?
- Exactly.
- You know what?
- What?
- I don't think Alex really
cares anything about God.
(somber music)
(mom sniffling)
(ominous music)
(engine rumbling)
- [Radio DJ] Hey out
there. radio land.
you're listening to the
best station in the city.
where we'll be playing
all your favorites.
- John. what are you up to?
- [Radio DJ] The station
that makes you wanna listen.
(tires squealing)
♪ When I started watching you
- [Jessica] What you looking at?
- Uh. nothing. get outta here.
- Doesn't sound like nothing.
Kinda sounds like something.
- Just get outta my room.
- Is that a girl's voice?
- [Alex] I don't know. just--
- Well let me find out for you!
- Well go find out somewhere
else. you little tater tot.
- Fine. there's other windows
around here. you know.
- You better hurry then.
♪ Not making sound
- Dangerous neighborhood.
- Just when you're out
in the dark. (laughs)
♪ Yeah
♪ 'Cause you want the truth
♪ But I'll show and tell
♪ I can't keep standing here
♪ All by myself
♪ And I'm hiding from them
♪ But I'm falling down
♪ Keep breathing but
you're the most ♪
♪ For our show and tell
- My brother is inside.
He was checking you
out from his window.
but he's not a peeping
tom or anything.
- Agh!
Jessica!
- Probably won't
come out though.
- [Alex] Jessica!
- [Jessica] It's
really not that high.
- Jessica!
- [Jessica] It probably just
looks high from down there.
- Jessica. stop.
- [Jessica] He gets a little
fidgety around pretty girls.
♪ Our show and tell
- Jessica. stop.
Jessica.
(body thudding)
(Alex grunts)
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I think it looked
worse than it actually was.
- I don't know. it
looked pretty bad.
- From dumpster diving
to roof surfing.
I didn't know the
circus was in town.
- Hi. my name's Alex.
I'm the opening act.
- (laughs) Nice.
You're kinda funny.
- Well you'll love him then.
- Oh really. why is that?
- Look at him.
he's funny-looking!
- Don't listen to her.
She still wets the bed.
- Alex. this is my
granddaughter. Christina.
She's gonna be staying
with me this week.
- Really?
Uh.
really?
Uh. maybe I'll see
you around then.
(perplexed piano music)
- Alex. you'll be
right next door.
Don't be a stranger.
(foreboding music)
- Yeah. uh. right.
I'm kinda busy. but yeah.
maybe we could hang out.
(strange music)
(Alex gasps)
- Sorry.
That was really bothering me.
- Later.
- Bye.
(suspicious music)
- [Jessica] Coming through!
- That better not be my money.
You did not.
Sawed-off little thief.
(cellphone dings)
- [John] Alex. I'm not letting
you guys go without a fight.
And desperation could
push you to do things
that are simply
unpleasing to others.
Maybe that's why
it was once said
words are mightier than a sword.
(twinkly music)
(kids shrieking and laughing)
- I'll take that
chocolate-covered one!
- I'm sorry. you're about
25 cents short. sweetie.
(sad music)
(moves into mysterious music)
- Make that two.
It's just too nice a day
to pass on ice cream.
don't you think?
- My brother doesn't think so.
- You need to tell your
brother to loosen up a bit.
I'm Ron from Repossession
and Recovery.
I'm working a case
in the neighborhood.
Can you help?
- I guess. but I need to
be home by 5:00 though.
We're having hot dogs tonight.
- I know what you mean.
This will only take a minute.
What's your name?
- Jessica. but you
can call me Jess.
- I like that name.
Well Jess. do you live nearby?
Are your folks at home?
- I live right there.
but my daddy doesn't
live with us anymore.
It's just me. my mom.
and grumpy brother Alex.
- Well can I speak
with your mom?
- She's at work.
- Well can I speak
with your brother then?
- I guess. but he's
a little mad at me.
- Well maybe this will help.
(scary music)
- Then they just ran off.
(cellphone rings)
- Excuse me.
(suspicious music)
Yeah. I'm here.
Okay. well let me take
care of that for you.
Okay. I'm moving
that to page 47.
Okay. not a problem.
All right. later.
New clients.
They're always
full of questions.
Guess I should
explain why I'm here.
(shadowy music)
Judith Light.
Last seen entering her home
next door on June the 7th.
Since then routine
trips to the hair salon
and the grocery store
have ended abruptly.
She won't answer calls.
The garden that she
tends is wilting.
Her husband filed a report.
but he has been
suspiciously unsupportive.
- And she's still missing?
- We think we know where she is.
- Next door?
- Yeah. but we just
don't know which room.
- Okay. that's creepy.
- Well we want you to
be our eyes and ears
for a little while.
you know. keep track of
his coming and goings.
But one thing. stay
off his property.
- What do you mean?
- Otherwise I fear
for your life.
(creepy music)
(dog barks)
- [Alex] Ow.
- [Christina] (laughs) I see
dogs don't take to you so well.
- Cute and cuddly. yes.
Dogzilla. no.
- (laughs) Didn't know
you worked for the FBI.
- Ah. just the
neighborhood watch.
It's a long story.
full of life and death peril.
high drama. misdemeanor.
I'm sure you don't have time
for my personal problems.
- Are you kidding me?
I'm here for a week with
a man four times my age.
I'm pretty sure I can
handle a change in pace.
- All right. well uh.
how do I put this?
The guy next door.
uh. ck his wife.
- No way.
- It's true.
- How do you know?
- [Alex] Got it all on my phone.
- So you're saying
you recorded it.
Did you send it to the police?
- Uh. I didn't really
get him doing the deed.
but I got him in a gnarly
fight with some detectives.
- Mm. yeah. sounds kinda lame.
- I think it happened
a while back.
maybe a couple months ago.
Police didn't find anything.
but some detectives
still believe
that she's still in the house.
(weighty music)
What's wrong?
- Doesn't this stuff
kinda freak you out?
Like. there could be
a dead body next door.
- Not really.
I mean. if you think about it.
there's dead bodies at the
cemetery down the street.
Guess I just don't think
about death that much.
- I used to think like that.
Then I saw something.
Something that changed me.
- What was it?
Hello. Christina. what was it?
- What?
- What'd you see?
- Right here.
It's crazy how
something so small
can make such a big
impact on your life.
- [Alex] I don't get it.
What's in the envelope?
- Alex. do you believe in God?
- I don't know.
I don't really think
about stuff like that.
I'm not that
spiritual. you know.
- Spiritual. is that
what you're calling it?
I thought we were just talking.
- If you are. you'd get
along great with my mom.
- No. I mean. have you
ever thought about like
what happens after you die?
- Yeah. you're buried.
- After you're buried.
- Okay. well there's a
lot of sad music playing.
- [Christina] No. Alex.
- Okay. I don't get
what you're getting at.
- You have a soul that
lives on forever somewhere.
- You are spiritual.
and you're preaching at me.
- [Willy] Christina.
we gotta go!
- Gotta run.
My granddaddy's
taking me to the mall.
And I might be spiritual.
but this girl's got
a carnal side too.
Shopping!
(mystified music)
(clattering)
- [Alex] Come on. Jess!
You're taking so long I
just had another birthday!
- I'm coming already!
You need to work
on your patience!
Mm.
Ah.
There you are.
Got it!
(questing percussion music)
- Okay. now I need you
to pay close attention
or somebody's gonna get hurt.
Probably me. but
I'm okay with that.
You're young.
- Affirmative!
- Now I know we've been advised
to stay off the
neighbor's property.
but I deducted a more
aggressive approach is necessary
to crack this case.
- What?
- Hand me the dog.
We're going in.
(ritualistic percussion music)
Are you serious?
- But he's my favorite!
- Look. I've met
the neighbor's dog.
He looks nothing like this.
We need something
with more attitude.
something like that.
Rah!
See. that's more like
the neighbor's dog.
- But Alex!
- Shh!
So I'm thinking our
biggest challenge
is gonna be the bite-osaurus
in the backyard.
so for the moment that means
a backyard assault is out.
I'm thinking a frontal
assault is the ticket.
We'll lay low and
we'll be stealthy.
- But I got--
- Please hold your
questions til the end.
Sheesh.
Okay.
Mom gets off work at 11:00.
which means she'll
be home around 11:20.
give or take a minute or two.
That means that our
plan has to be executed
no later than 10:00 p.m. sharp.
We'll use the cover
of night as our ally.
The little raging monster
will never know we're there.
Will you. you little
beastie? (laughs)
Woof!
All right. any questions?
- I think you mean meow.
because this is a cat.
See his little
whiskers right there?
Look at his pointy ears.
Look at his fluffy little paws!
(serious music)
Stop bumping so much!
You sound like
you're stuttering.
- Sorry. the connection's...
- Alex?
Alex!
- Just hit your bike.
Hold on. is that better?
- Yeah. what did you do?
- Stopped moving.
- Alex?
- Shh!
Hold on!
I don't know if
this is good or bad.
- What do you mean?
- There's no lights on.
He might not be home.
I'm gonna go closer.
(suspenseful music)
- Don't get risky.
- Too late.
- Why do you say that?
- I'm in his front lawn.
- What's back there?
Looks like a light.
(frightened music)
Alex!
(scary music)
Alex?
Alex!
- [Alex] Sorry. my hand slipped.
- Maybe you should
come back now.
- Hold on.
I think there's a
basement light on.
I'm gonna go take a closer look.
(intrepid music)
(beeping)
- Why don't you work already!
(creepy music)
- Hey. what's that?
(dramatic music)
(keys jingling)
- Alex. hide. you've gotta hide.
The man's home!
(panicky music)
Alex. please hide!
Alex!
(keys jingling)
(dramatic music)
- [Man] I know you're there!
I can smell your sneakers.
(tense music)
(dog barking)
- Gotta call 911!
Gotta call 911!
(frantic music)
(knocking on the door)
Who is it?
(apprehensive music)
(knocking on the door)
Who is it?
- [Alex] It's me.
Jess. just let me in.
- You about scared
the poo out of me!
Did the man see you?
- I don't know. but
that dog sure did.
He got a good nip
of my shoulder too.
- You need to call 911!
- No. I'm fine.
- We need to call the police!
- And tell them what. Jess?
That I was sneaking
around my neighbor's yard
taking pictures?
No. thank you.
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
You know that dog next door?
- Yeah.
- He's nothing like
your Littlest Pet Shops.
(phone rings)
- It's mommy!
Hello mommy. are you okay?
(dial tone beeping)
She hung up.
- Just a bad connection.
She'll call back.
- Alex. I'm scared.
- Of what?
I mean. just look around you.
We live in a great house.
Our mom works nights.
We have a neighbor who
absolutely adores us.
I mean. life couldn't
be better. right?
- If you're trying to be
funny. it's not working.
- It is funny.
The only thing is
God's telling the jokes
and we're the punchline.
- Don't say that!
(thudding)
(keys jingling)
- Get down.
(terrified music)
(door creaking)
- [Mom] Hey guys. I'm home.
- Mommy!
I'm so glad to see you!
- That's a homecoming.
Alex?
- Hey. mom.
- Your greetings are
actually getting better.
All right. to bed in 15.
It's getting late.
All right. come on sweetie.
we gotta get to bed.
Oh. and don't forget
to brush your teeth.
- But I brushed them yesterday!
- Oh. this place is a mess.
(exhausted music)
Alex. why are you all sweaty?
- I was working out.
- You shouldn't be
running at night.
And who's watching your sister?
(perplexed electronic music)
- [Alex] Why are you
hiding stuff from us?
- Excuse me?
- I found something.
- What's that?
- Something from dad.
like one of his
books or something.
- Well you know your dad.
He's a writer.
He writes stuff.
- Don't you think me
and Jessica need to know
about stuff like this?
Has he mentioned this?
- He said he was writing
a play or something.
- What else has he written?
- A few things.
- I wanna see them.
All of them.
- You need to go to bed
or you can hand
me your car keys.
- You should use
truth and not power.
- And now he's a philosopher.
(eerie music)
(metallic clinking)
(cellphone ringing)
(Jessica screams)
- Are you okay?
What happened?
- I. I did it last time.
- You gotta stop this
twisting and twirling.
- But it's my recital.
(sad music)
- [Christina] I was in the
hospital for almost two days.
- What?
- Doing that stuff. gymnastics.
I fell down the stairs
when I was five.
My
still hurts from time to time.
- Me too. ouch!
- You might wanna put
some ice on that tonight.
- Will do.
Sounds like you've had your
shares of ups and downs.
- Haven't we all?
- Don't get me started.
- Hey. how's your neighbor?
- [Alex] I actually paid
him a visit last night.
- Really. what'd he say?
- Nothing.
til he came home.
I probably should've let
him know I was coming over.
- [Christina] Yeah.
- It's a real den of
iniquity over there.
He's hiding something
major in the basement.
- What do you mean?
- Took my phone.
Video speaks for itself.
- What'd you record?
- Plenty.
- Let me see!
- 8:00. my place.
- Are you asking
me out on a date?
- If I was. would
that be a problem?
- Only if you wore
cheap cologne.
I gotta go.
See you later.
- [Alex] Hey. hold on.
Is that a yes?
- [Christina] Come
a little closer.
- What?
- [Christina] I said
come a little closer.
Only if you wear that shirt.
♪ Yeah
♪ I got
♪ Yeah your love
♪ That's all I need is oh
♪ Can't get love oh
♪ Straight shook
like he did it yeah ♪
♪ Exclusive love
♪ I'm in the shower now
♪ Before my date
♪ Oh yeah I got
that big time love ♪
♪ Doo doo doo doo doo doo
(doorbell rings)
♪ Thinking of
- Just the person
I was looking for.
- Really. not Alex?
- Oh. I guess I'm
a little early.
but I came here
to give you this.
Thought you might need it.
- Hey. you're pretty and nice.
Good combo.
- [Christina] Oh you're
so sweet. thank you.
- Uh. can we help you?
- Oh. I'm Christina
from next door.
Alex invited me over.
- Oh. funny. he
didn't mention it.
- Just not to you. mommy.
It's kind of been a big
deal around here for hours.
- Oh. really?
Well I'm just his mom.
Why would I know? (laughs)
All right. well come on in.
I think he's in the shower.
- No. he's out now.
- Oh. well then.
It's nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
- I'll show her where to go.
- All right.
♪ Yeah I got a massive love
♪ It's in a girl like you
(knocking on the door)
♪ Prepare to love
- [Jessica] Visitor!
- [Alex] Get outta here.
you little push-pop!
- [Jessica] You got company!
- [Alex] What?
It's not 8:00 already. is it?
- Uh. should I come back later?
- [Alex] Um. uh. no.
Uh. just. just give me a second.
- Maybe I should wait in there.
- Where's the fun in that?
- [Alex] Jessica!
Show her your room.
for Pete's sake!
- Okay. this way.
(spooky music)
- Oh my.
♪ The night is calling out
- I wouldn't call
it a room per se.
It's more of a workshop.
- Good word.
♪ I wanna fall
♪ And give up
♪ I'll get through it all
- My mom tells me I'm
a creative genius.
- I can see that.
- It will sort of make up
for her sleepless nights.
(Christina laughs)
♪ Help me if your time is over
- What's that?
- [Jessica] An experiment.
- And did it work okay?
- Kinda smokey.
My mom didn't like it.
but the firemen sure did.
♪ Even if the chains
♪ Bring me down
♪ I wanna go
(clock ticking)
- All clear?
- Hey. uh. sorry
about my sister.
She kinda may squeal sometimes.
- That's okay.
Wow. you clean up nice.
- Thanks.
You too.
- What?
- I mean. I'm not saying that
you need a bath or anything.
I'm just. I.
you look nice. that's
what I'm saying.
- I know what you mean.
but I see you aim to please.
- What?
- The shirt.
- Oh.
- There's something about it.
Do you have more than one?
- No. this is the shirt.
- There's just
something different.
But I like it.
- Good.
You know what they say.
- And what do they say. Alex?
- You gotta keep the
customer satisfied.
- Really?
Hey. so what's going
on with your neighbor?
- Got something that'll
give you a sleepless night.
(creepy music)
And cut.
The end.
What do you think?
- I think it gives
me the creeps.
Do you really think
she's in that box?
It could just be power tools.
- Negative.
The length and shape.
that's either his wife
or what's left of her.
- Okay. now you're
really freaking me out.
- I'm just saying.
We've got a killer on the loose.
It's my neighborhood.
it's my problem.
- And what are you. Batman?
I know the perfect people
that could help out with this.
They have these bright
lights on top of their cars.
Most people call
them the police.
- It's a cold case. Christina.
It's a missing person.
They've got private
investigators on it now
and I'm helping out.
- I don't know.
I was always taught that if it
makes your hair stand on end.
don't.
And that's how I'm
feeling right about now.
- Oh come on.
Sometimes you gotta flirt
with danger to find the truth.
- And what are you. some
two-bit philosopher?
This guy could
really mess you up.
like rest in peace kinda stuff.
- Well then I'd just be a ghost.
kinda floating around. you know.
Maybe I'd come
back and haunt you.
Or is that what
you're afraid of?
- Alex. once you die.
you don't come back.
You don't float around.
It doesn't work like that.
- Really?
You sound like my mom.
Besides. I don't plan on
dying anytime soon anyways.
- Neither did my best friend.
- Best friend?
- Yeah. but I can't really
talk about it right now.
- Oh come on Christina.
What happened?
- Last summer she was in
her car in front of me
driving like crazy.
Anyways. I came up the rise
and saw this orange
glow by a tree.
And I knew it was her.
I did everything I could to
help her get out of her car.
but it was too late.
Her cries sent shivers
(woman screaming)
down my spine.
I can still hear her screaming.
"Help me. I'm burning."
- I'm really sorry.
- Have you ever seen what
fire does to long blonde hair
soaked in hairspray?
(woeful music)
It's like etched in my brain.
but that's not it.
- What do you mean?
- The purse.
- Purse?
(haunting music)
- Her purse lying
on the asphalt.
with something I gave her
sticking out of the top.
- [Alex] What was it?
The envelope.
- Before the
paramedics got there.
I went over and got
this out of her purse.
Maybe that was wrong.
but I had to keep it.
Mr. Harper gave it to me
when I was only 10 years old.
and that's when I read it.
That's when what
it said changed me.
I guess it's a part of me now.
- Really?
A gospel tract?
- Do you know?
- Yes. Christina. I've gone
to Sunday school before.
- I met God.
Or He met me.
But I feel different.
- You got saved?
- Yeah. I did.
I gave this to my friend
and told her to read
it within five days.
- [Alex] Well did she?
- On the fifth day
the accident happened.
- [Alex] I'm sure she read it.
She'll be just fine.
- No. she didn't.
- Don't be so
negative. Christina.
How do you know?
- You see this?
I put this here when I
asked her to read it.
It's the same as it was
when I gave it to her.
still unbroken.
- I'm really sorry.
Maybe God made an
exception for her.
- No.
No exceptions.
You get one lifetime
to make your decision.
then game over.
You don't just float
around or hang out.
You're separated
from God forever.
- Okay. stop!
I'm not ready for this.
- For what?
- This!
I know what you're getting at.
It's not my time.
I'm not ready.
- [Christina] Well then
promise me this one thing.
- And what's that?
- [Christina] You'll carry
this tract for five days
and remember the
story I told you.
- Yeah. sure.
- Don't wait til day five.
Seems to be the unlucky day.
And there's one more thing
that's been bothering me.
- Yeah?
- You know that
shirt you're wearing?
- Yeah.
- It's on backwards.
(weighty piano music)
(sirens whirring)
(thunder rumbling)
- [Christina Voiceover]
The cries sent shivers
down my spine.
♪ Yeah
♪ Pushing
- I can still hear
her screaming. "Help
me. I'm burning."
(siren wailing)
The purse.
The purse lying on the asphalt.
with something I gave her
sticking out of the top.
- [Alex Voiceover]
A gospel tract?
- [Christina
Voiceover] I met God.
or He met me.
but I feel different.
- [Alex Voiceover]
You got saved?
- [Christina
Voiceover] Yeah. I did.
- Okay. stop. I'm
not ready for this.
(misty music)
(sirens wailing)
(heartbeat pounding)
- [Christina Voiceover]
No. no exceptions.
You get one lifetime
to make your decision.
then game over.
You don't just float
around and hang out.
You're separated
from God forever.
(thunder rumbling)
(haunting music)
(clock ticking)
(dog barking)
- I really don't like those.
I just fake it.
- Really?
How old are you?
You need to eat your fruit.
It's good Vitamin C.
(Jessica sighs)
(engine rumbling)
(tires squealing)
(eerie music)
- [Christina Voiceover] Well
then promise me this one thing.
You'll carry this
tract for five days
and you'll remember
the story I told you.
(shadowy music)
(metallic clinking)
(Jessica squealing)
(heavenly music)
(heartbeat pounding)
(moves into ominous music)
- Here's something
or you. kiddo.
(creepy music)
(banging)
- What?
- A plan for tonight.
five minutes. my room.
(Jessica sighs)
I've been doing some spying
on the man next door.
- Yeah?
- And I've discovered something.
His car always leaves at
the same time on Thursdays.
8:30 sharp.
- Why do you think Thursdays?
- I don't know.
Maybe he's taken up bowling.
The point is he doesn't
come back til like 11:00.
which gives us a
pretty good window.
(doorbell rings)
- You know littering is
like a $500 fine. don't you?
- [Jessica] Hey. Christina.
- But I'll let it
slide this time.
Hey Alex. this has your
name on it a couple times.
You want it back?
- There's like four
Alexes on this block.
It's probably one of the
ones down the street.
- Got it.
Wanna go along?
And I thought you
wanted to go pro.
- Too short.
- And about 200
pounds too light.
Hey Christina. you got a second?
- [Christina] Yeah.
(scary music)
- Then his car is gone.
which I think is a
good time to strike.
- Okay. question.
Strike what?
- Yeah. Alex. what
are you gonna do.
send in your ground forces?
- No.
But I do wanna see what's
in that box though.
- There's no way
unless you go inside.
- Exactly.
- Excuse me?
- He'll be gone.
- And what if he isn't?
Guess what?
(Jessica imitates choking)
Exactly.
Lights out. a
permanent night night.
- Yeah. Alex.
He probably has booby traps
in his house. you know.
- I guess I'm just worried
that you're not
thinking this through.
like all the consequences.
- Look. nothing ventured
nothing gained. right?
- I remember that one.
The guy that said that died
in the desert. didn't he?
- (laughs) Look. I've got
like a two-hour window.
He'll never know I was there.
- Wait a second.
Can't you just give
all this information
to the investigators and
let them do the dirty work?
- These investigators
are counting on me.
you know. to solve the case.
And maybe to make the 6:00 news.
- Okay. Bruce Wayne.
- Actually. I could
live with that.
- You're insane.
I can't believe we're
even talking like this.
- Hey. you said you wanted
a change in pace. right?
Kinda boring next door.
- I meant something that
didn't end in a funeral.
- I need someone
to watch my back.
and Jess is too short.
- Thanks. Alex.
- You're half crazy!
But you're just too cute.
And I'm insane for saying
this that I'll be in.
but under one condition.
- What's that?
- You won't make me
dress up as Wonder Woman.
- Bummer.
(Jessica and Christina laughing)
All right. it's a deal.
Jess. you'll be at HQ.
You'll be our eyes in the sky.
- Affirmative.
- We'll call you Mother Goose.
- Nice.
(phone rings)
I'll get it.
Hello?
Hello. mommy. is that you?
Nobody's there.
- Hello?
(tense music)
(dial tone beeping)
- Meow!
- [Alex] Say what?
- You look like a
black kitty cat.
- This is how you dress
for a covert operation.
- Yeah. a covert whatever.
- I think I have
everything I need.
Wish me luck.
- Luck.
Be careful. Alex.
- Thanks. kiddo.
(fingers snapping)
- Hey. you look like that guy
from the termite commercial.
- Maybe you know me
better by my last name.
Talk to Jones.
- [Jessica] But you
look like termite--
- Sh. just go with it.
Is Christina here yet?
(doorbell rings)
Never mind.
- I don't know which is worse.
the butterflies in my stomach
or the lump in my throat.
How do you feel?
- I don't know.
Kind of like I feel
before a big game.
We might have a problem.
Check this out.
(creepy music)
- Maybe he's staying
in for the night.
The weather looks pretty bad.
(phone rings)
- Sheesh. and I
thought I was antsy.
(dreadful music)
- His car's still there.
- I can see that. Jess.
- You mean Mother Goose.
- I can see that. Mother Goose.
- 10-four.
Otherwise. everything
looks good from HQ.
Mother Goose. out!
- Why did I have to
give her a call sign?
Get down!
(keys jingling)
(footsteps thudding)
(suspenseful music)
(engine rumbling)
- [Christina] Whoa.
- What's wrong?
- I think my heart
just skipped a beat.
- Already?
- Why. is there a better time?
- Yeah. when we're crawling
through his basement window.
We better gear up.
- Intense.
- Got a little weapon for you.
- What. no. I can't shoot.
- You don't have to.
Just aim.
- Gee. thanks.
You didn't have anything
smaller to give me. did you?
- Hey. it's a nice light.
Any second thoughts?
- Oh. you'd be
the first to know.
- Gotcha.
(scary music)
- [Jessica] Looks like
we have a problem.
- What's that?
- Looks like the backyard
gate was left open.
but it's kinda hard to see.
- Great.
Any sign of that dog?
- Negative.
- [Alex] Jess. I need
you to come downstairs.
- You mean leave the HQ?
- Yes. Jess. I need
you to leave HQ
and meet me
downstairs right now.
- Affirmative!
Mother Goose out!
- [Alex] Jess. I need
you to the backyard.
- Why for?
- Because of the gate.
- The dog.
- You got it.
If he gets out. it's game over.
I need you to listen to me.
I want you to go back there
and put your iPad in
the hole in the fence.
You'll be safe there.
- To spy on the mean dog?
- Exactly.
You're gonna give me a constant
view of whatever he's up to.
Me and Christina are
gonna go stay back.
Any questions?
Don't worry. we got this.
Ready?
- Break!
(wind chimes clinking)
(thrilling music)
You know what?
- What?
- I can think of 1.001 things
I'd rather be doing right now.
- Oh come on.
I'm about to give you a
summer you'll never forget.
(thunder rumbling)
- Hey. I just thought
of one more thing.
(terrified music)
- [Jessica] Stop. Alex!
- What?
- Listen!
I see the dog!
- Where?
(dog barking)
- Coming your way!
You better run!
Alex. hurry!
(dog barking)
- Christina. get over here!
- [Christina] What
do you want me to do?
- Get the screwdriver
out of my pocket!
- [Christina] What?
- My pocket. the screwdriver!
Other pocket!
Put it in the latch!
Over that plank!
- Okay. my hearts not
skipping beats anymore.
- [Alex] That's good.
- No.
My heart's not beating at all.
- Jessica.
Jessica!
(mysterious music)
Jess!
- Jessica!
(ominous music)
- Jessica?
You okay?
(emotional music)
- I wanna go home.
- You are home.
- I don't mean
here. my real home.
I don't wanna be here anymore.
- That makes two of us.
(aching music)
I'm sure she'll be all right.
- Nothing a little psych
treatment can't help. huh?
(Alex laughs)
- All right. we
got about an hour.
- Are you kidding me?
And all I have is
this pee light!
- It's a pen light.
- Oh. like that
makes it any better.
I was almost eaten by the
beast of the backyard.
Oh. and if that's
not bad enough.
I just ruined my
best pair of shoes.
Can't we just call it a night
and snuggle our pillows?
- I gotta go.
Now I'm asking for your help.
I don't wanna do
this without you.
- Oh. I guess I
should feel touched.
(cellphone ringing)
- Hold on.
It's Jessica.
- [Jessica] Mother
Goose to Alex.
- [Alex] Go ahead. Mother Goose.
- I called to let
you know something.
- Go ahead.
- I wanted to let you know
that HQ is back online!
- (laughs) Atta girl.
- Oh. I must be dreaming.
Oh. now I see.
- What's that?
- The psychological problems
run throughout
this entire family!
(questing music)
I thought you said the
window was half open!
- Shh!
I don't want that
dog freak out again.
It was.
(uncertain music)
(thunder rumbling)
(banging)
- What's going on?
- Hurry!
- This is turning freaky fast.
- Alex. you have like a minute.
Please hurry.
- I am.
Stop telling me the time.
(scary music)
Whoa.
Tales From the Crypt.
- [Christina] Any
sign of that box?
- Not yet.
You'll be the first to know.
(thunder rumbling)
(electric buzzing)
(terrifying music)
- Alex. get out of there!
(eerie music)
- Oh!
(misty music)
- Is that people?
Real people?
- It's just a mannequin.
(thunder rumbling)
(mysterious music)
Jessica. any movement
down the street?
- Checking!
Looks clear. but hurry!
- I see the box.
(scary music)
- Alex. hurry!
(eerie music)
- [Alex] What?
I. I don't get it.
- [Mom] Get what?
- [Alex] I don't
understand why you're here.
- Alex. it's mom.
You're home.
- [Alex] I saw him. last night.
Right there in front of me.
- Saw who?
Who did you see?
- Dad.
(stormy music)
- Oh. I know.
He brought you home.
The weather was horrible.
- [Alex] Why was he there?
- I don't know. we
didn't talk much.
It. it was really late.
- I can't think right now.
My head's a beehive.
- Just let me get you something.
Relax.
(dreadful music)
About last night.
are you aware that
you were trespassing?
- Trespassing?
I don't think that's
the right word for it.
- Okay. then what is?
- Maybe unwelcomed invitation.
- Alex.
- Look. I was helping
out some detectives.
We were trying to solve a case.
You said I needed a job.
- Well that's good timing.
- What?
- There's a detective
here. wants to talk to you.
And he does not
look like he's here
to give you a paycheck.
- Right now?
- Unfortunately. yes.
And he just talked to your
little friend next door.
- Christina?
Mom. she's not my little friend.
She's 16. all right.
Is she okay?
- She's okay.
but I can't believe
you drug her into this.
- She never went in the house.
She was just there
to keep me company.
- And your little sister?
- Well technically. she
never left our house.
- Well that's comforting.
- [Alex] All right.
I see where this is going.
- Where?
- With me handing over
my keys. that's where.
- Oh. am I that predictable?
- No comment.
- I found something rather
intriguing last night.
Talks about a guy named Alex
exploring a spooky basement.
in search of a missing
person named Judith Light.
Alex. do you know
what this is about?
- Hm.
(clock ticking)
Did you bring your gun?
- Maybe.
- Do you ever use it?
- Oh. once or twice.
- Have you shot anybody?
- Just bad people.
- Oh.
- And people who talk a lot.
(veiled music)
Alex. we kinda have a mess here.
You stepping onto his property
was not a part of the deal.
- Well is the man next
door pressing charges?
- Well it's hard to say. ma'am.
I've only spoken to him briefly.
but I can tell you this.
He is not happy.
- Well Alex is only 17.
He's just a kid.
- Ma'am. 17 is considered
an adult in this state.
and frankly. your son
is in some serious...
Well. you know what I mean.
- You mean doodoo.
Is that what you mean?
- Uh. something like that.
- Jessica. I have a fresh
bar of soap in the bathroom.
Would you like to take a nibble?
- I'm just saying. mommy.
Alex might be going to jail.
- Jessica!
Sir. I'm sure if I can
speak to him directly.
we can sort things out.
- I'm afraid not. ma'am.
- Alex. you are going to jail!
- Jessica!
Excuse me.
Why don't you run outside and
catch me some butterflies.
- She just says that because
she wants me to leave.
- Thank you. sweetie. go on.
- But I haven't even
finished my breakfast yet.
Sheesh.
- And make sure you
throw your wrapper out.
in the trash this time.
(door slams)
- Can I ask a favor?
- Sure.
- I need to speak
to Alex privately.
- Oh. I don't think
I can do that.
I don't think I want to do that.
Aren't there any
parental rights here?
- I understand that.
but I need to corroborate his
story with the young girl's.
and you might be a distraction.
It'll just be a few minutes.
- All right. five minutes.
And Alex. tell him the truth.
- Yeah. sure mom.
whatever you say.
- Alex. I need to
show you something.
The briefcase.
let's look inside.
(suspenseful music)
Do you realize that most
ideas start off as words?
- Okay.
- And words tell us where
to go and what to do.
- What are you talking about?
- Let me show you.
Take a look at this paper.
It has words on it.
But look closer.
They're telling you what to do.
- Christina brought over a
green sheet of paper like this.
- Hey Alex. this has your
name on it a couple times.
Do you want it back?
- Had my name on it.
- That's because you're in it.
- In what?
- Here. let me show you.
(dramatic music)
- Is this some kinda joke!
- (laughs) You just
needed a starting point.
(perplexed music)
And some motivation
to get going.
Surrounded by
intriguing characters.
- [Man] Hey kid. hold
that fence plank still.
- You became a vital
part of the story.
- [Alex Voiceover]
I found something.
something from dad.
like one of his
books or something.
- [Mom Voiceover] Well
you know your dad.
He's a writer.
He writes stuff.
(doorbell rings)
- Dad!
- Would you have
expected anything else?
From a desperate father?
- But. but all this. it's.
it's all make-believe?
Why would you do
something like this?
(voices rapidly talking
over each other)
(eerie music)
(clock ticking)
- [John] Listen.
Do you hear it?
It's the clock.
It mocks me.
Because it knows my secret.
- Maybe you should just stop.
just don't doing it.
- [John] I can't.
- [Ron] Why?
- [John] Because
I've gone too far.
- [Alex Voiceover] This
is turning freaky fast.
- [Christina Voiceover] Alex!
You have like a
minute. please hurry!
- [Alex Voiceover] I am.
stop telling me the time!
(dramatic music)
- [Jessica Voiceover]
You've gotta hurry!
The man's home!
Get out of there!
- [John Voiceover] He's coming.
He's coming.
- [Jessica Voiceover]
Alex. please hurry!
Please hurry!
You've gotta get out of there!
- [Alex Voiceover] Jessica.
any movement down the street?
(bells jingling)
- [John] Where did I
find you last night?
- [Alex] Next door.
- [John] But where next door?
(thunder rumbling)
- [Alex] The spookiest basement
I've ever seen in my life!
- Exactly.
You enter a haunted house. you
cling to the ones you love.
It was all meant to bring
the family back together.
And it worked.
On paper.
And I know what I did
was mostly inexcusable.
- Come on dad. I get it.
You want us back together
and you tried the only way
you knew how. with words.
(dreadful music)
- John. what are you doing here?
- Mom. you'd never understand.
- Try me.
- Dad loves you!
- Dad loves himself!
And I deserve better than that.
Excuse me.
- Something just dawned on me.
- Oh really. what's that?
- You'll never be good
enough for my father!
(stormy music)
(engine rumbling)
(heavy thudding)
(tires squealing)
Jess. that blasted bike.
(dreadful music)
(ticking)
Mom. help!
- Alex. what's going on?
Oh dear Lord!
Someone call 911!
John!
Our little girl!
- Oh no. no no no!
- [Mom] She's been hit!
(dramatic music)
No. you're hurting her!
(sirens wailing)
What if it's her neck. her back?
- Get the first aid
kit under the sink.
- [Mom] Oh. you're hurting her!
(drawn-out music)
- That's for making
mom cry last night.
- I'm gonna make you
cry in two seconds!
(sad music)
(Alex sniffles)
- [John] We'll have
to turn her over.
(torn music)
(ticking)
(moves into heavenly music)
(Jessica squealing)
(mom sniffling)
- This is a cat.
See his little
whiskers right there?
Look at his pointy ears.
Look at his fluffy little paws!
(aching music)
- [Christina Voiceover] A purse.
- [Alex Voiceover] Purse?
- Her purse lying
on the asphalt.
Something that I gave her
was sticking out of the top.
- What was it?
Here's something for you. kiddo.
- [Jessica Voiceover]
You know what?
- [Mom Voiceover] What?
- [Jessica Voiceover] I
don't think Alex really cares
anything about God.
(catastrophic music)
(wind chimes jingling)
- You got it. you got it.
Come on. baby.
- Come on. Jess.
Come on.
- Dear Lord.
I've tried it my way.
Now I trust in yours.
(soaring music)
(wind chimes clinking)
- Please.
- [John] Hey. hey.
- Hi. daddy.
- You did great.
pumpkin. (laughs)
Hey baby. how are you?
It's a miracle.
(resolute music)
(doorbell rings)
- I'm not good at
saying goodbye.
- [Christina] Let's
not say it then.
- You were the best thing that
happened to me this summer.
- That sounds like
a line from a movie.
- (laughs) Probably
is. but I mean it.
(cellphone dings)
Getting a text.
304-555-5232.
Somebody's phone number?
- Oh gee. what a coincidence.
- What's that?
- That phone number.
it's the same as mine.
(Christina laughs)
- [Willy] You're gonna
miss your flight. girl!
- Oh. I best be going.
- Oh hey. Christina.
I still got something of yours.
- What is it?
The deal was for five days
and it's only been three.
- I know. Christina.
Just look at it.
(proud music)
- Really?
- Really.
It was kind of tricky to open.
but I'm glad that I did.
Since I read it and
I did what it said.
guess I don't need it anymore.
He did something for me.
- You got saved.
- Yeah Christina. I got saved.
- He's kinda good like that.
- [Willy] You're gonna
miss your flight!
- I gotta go.
(resolute music)
- Daddy?
- What's that. sweet pea?
- Does your story
have a happy ending?
- Do you know sign language?
- What?
- Raise your thumb.
Then raise your other thumb.
See that. sweetie?
That right there says it all.
(sentimental music)
- What's this?
- [John] Little advance
from my publisher.
(touching music)
Honey. are these glasses
too big for my face?
- No.
Why would you say
something like that?
- Maybe 'cause it's true.
(Jessica laughs)
I can't wait to be home.
- Our real home.
- See. what's
better than family?
- [Alex] Family and a big house.
- Alex. what's wrong
with this house?
- Besides the size
and the smell.
I guess nothing really.
- Who needs a big house
when we have each other?
- (laughs) Yeah. Alex.
Maybe you and Christina can
have a big house someday.
- After the proper
ceremonies of course.
- Right.
Like she's ever
gonna remember me.
- Oh trust me. she will.
- That's right. nothing
but a stud muffin.
- (laughs) Yeah. and I
have the picture right here
to prove it.
- Really?
Let me see it.
Jessica!
If you send it. I swear
I'll tear your ears off!
- Gee Alex. I can't
believe you don't trust me!
- Exactly!
- It's not like I'm gonna
push any old button and uh--
(beeping)
- [Alex] What?
You didn't do it. did you?
- Um.
- Jessica. say something
for Pete's sake!
- Okay.
Oops.
- Jessica!
♪ Can you wipe away each tear
when they won't stop falling ♪
♪ How did we get here
♪ How can we move on
♪ Do you have the
strength to pull me back ♪
♪ When I've gone too far
♪ How do I get back there
♪ Did it go wrong
♪ So take me home
♪ To what I needed all along
♪ To the place
where I am known ♪
♪ To the place where I belong
♪ You've overcome
♪ Each sorrow that I've known
♪ And these troubles
made your own ♪
♪ You're all I
needed all along ♪
♪ Will these shadows disappear
when we reach the morning ♪
♪ So I see clearly
♪ 'Cause I don't belong
♪ Will you want
me by your side ♪
♪ Knowing all I've
been through ♪
♪ Through your renewing
♪ Undo these wrongs
♪ So take me home
♪ To what I needed all along
♪ To the place that I am known
♪ To the place where I belong
♪ You've overcome
♪ Each sorrow that I've known
♪ These struggles
made your own ♪
♪ You're all I
needed all along ♪
♪ So take me home
♪ To what I've
needed all along ♪
♪ To the place
where I am known ♪
♪ To the place where I belong
♪ You've overcome
♪ Each sorrow that I've known
♪ And these troubles
made your own ♪
♪ You're all I
needed all along ♪
♪ So take me home
♪ To what I've
needed all along ♪
♪ To the place
where I am known ♪
♪ To the place where I belong
♪ You've overcome
♪ Each sorrow that I've known
♪ These troubles made your own
♪ You're all I
needed all along ♪
♪ Can you make all things new
♪ Oh take me home
(menacing music)
(Alex yells)